[Music]
you know a six-pack toned arms and an
overall chiseled physique this is the
image of the Fit Body we all dream of
and struggle to obtain well some of us
and this struggle can be really
frustrating if you still believe some of
the most common myths about working out
here's my list number one stretching is
crucial for every exercise this advice
is just way to general basic stretching
is very useful for any exercise that
involves stretching itself beyond that
is not that important your body is a
smartly designed system that will atone
itself to working out even without much
preparation the first move of an
exercise will immediately warm your
muscles just don't try to start anything
like powerlifting ballet yoga or martial
arts training without stretching and
you'll be fine to stretch muscles will
look better if the first myth about
stretching had a bit of truth to it this
one is out of this world entirely even
in the body of an absolutely untrained
person any muscle can be stretched to
more than half of its size but it does
nothing for the appearance of your
muscles your body structure is
predetermined by genetics every muscle
in your body will always be the same
length since they're tightly linked to
your bones by tendons which won't move a
dime from their prices no matter how
much you stretch your muscles three you
can stretch sinews to become more
flexible being flexible is more about
your muscles than your tendons and
sinews the thing is we flex one muscle
to stretch and relax another they always
work in systems of different muscle
groups to become more flexible all you
need is to train in the collective work
of those groups the only things that
need to be stretched are so-called
ligaments the long fiber like tissue
that connects bones to each other this
tissue is slightly elastic and can be
stretched if your muscles are strong
enough to prevent any possible trauma
for running is the best way to lose
weight running is considered cardio
training it's aimed at improving your
endurance and stamina it also makes your
heart healthier and buffs up your
overall well-being so running is great
for you but don't expect to lose a lot
of weight just by running first like all
cardio workouts running needs to be
properly timed it would be too
exhausting and even dangerous to run
excessively for weight loss it should be
combined with other workout routines in
the gym simply losing fat isn't as
effective as gaining muscle on top of it
5 running is always better than walking
it may seem like running is more intense
and therefore better for losing weight
but take a good look at Nordic walking
this workout is perfect for cardio
training but it'll burn more calories
and running
that's because 90% of the muscles in the
human body are engaged by this method of
training that's way more than running or
bicycle riding 6 a morning workout is
the best workout well this fact is
really up for debate the truth is you
should be working out during whatever
time of day you have the most energy and
motivation to get the maximum results
for some people mornings are already
hectic and stressful and squeeze in a
workout doesn't seem feasible also for
older people there's a natural spike in
blood pressure upon waking up making a
morning workout a bit more risky but for
others it makes them feel refreshed and
accomplished so what's your preferred
time to work out let me know down in the
comments 7 workouts will make you bulky
some people are afraid of gaining muscle
weight because they think it'll puff
them up this misconception comes from
watching those jacked bodybuilders you
find in every gym but remember that they
do that on purpose it's exactly what
they're going for their training and
diet are far beyond what you would do
just to be fit 8 no pain no gain also
called the best workout is the one
you're crawling from we feel pain from
microscopic trauma in our muscles and
it's a sign that your muscles will
become stronger once they recover but
here lies the very reason why this myth
can be misunderstood you always need to
recover fir
then and only then will you be able to
continue training without harming
yourself the harsher your next workout
will be on your muscles the longer it'll
take to recover training like everything
else in life requires a healthy balance
9 the harder you work the better the
result it's not only the workout that
will help you get fit the thing that's
even more important here is your diet
our body burns any available calories
first and only after that will it start
to burn fat this means that every
calorie you take in should be burned in
its time it's much more efficient to eat
wisely and work out regularly than to
eat anything you want and work out like
a maniac to try to burn it off number 10
the more weight you lift the more
muscles you gain now in reality there's
no need to lift something you can barely
hold in your hands as well actually do
more harm than good
the key is in another method entirely
repetitions split your workout into
several sessions with a moderate number
of reps and you'll see for yourself that
it'll give you much better results with
less exhaustion or painful strength
eleven crunches are the best for losing
belly fat the truth is you can't target
what fat you'll lose when you workout
it's just impossible of course you'll
lose some weight if you do crunches as
part of your training process and your
core will gain strength but you can't
just focus on crunches while you're
doing them only one particular part of
your muscles is engaged the more muscles
you work the more calories you're going
to burn and even if all you want is just
a six-pack crunches are only part of the
workout routine you'd want to choose
twelve you need nutritional supplements
to start training now don't get me wrong
here they can help a lot but they aren't
a must-buy thing I've heard people
saying that they aren't ready to go to
the gym because they haven't bought the
nutritional supplements they need in
reality these nutrients are just an
extra support for a body that spends a
lot of resources during intense training
additionally not all supplements are
right for all people it's always better
to consult a trainer
because only an experienced person can
select the right components that will
give you the desired effects 13 eat less
but more often to lose weight it's not
about how much or how often you eat it's
about what you eat not all calories are
made the same our body processes some
products easily and uses the calories
from them immediately other kinds of
nutrients won't get used at all but
saved in the form of fat so this myth is
only fair if we're talking about
snacking on an apple or a cucumber from
time to time
also remember that burning anything more
than 20% of all incoming calories isn't
productive
since our body needs the rest to endure
the training 14 always take note of what
you're eating
I know it's somewhat contradicts the
previous point but hear me out when you
keep yourself in constant deprivation
and count every single calorie you eat
that's too much stress for one person
don't be harsh on yourself because
stress won't help you get fit at all
it'll slow the process down and mentally
by ruining your metabolism the main key
to calorie burning and indulging
yourself with your favorite meal from
time to time is not a problem if you
work out regularly 15 you can kiss all
your progress goodbye if you give up
training for two weeks now not to upset
you or anything but the time it takes to
break the habit of burning more and
eating less is actually even less than
two weeks
also you'll start to feel like you have
less energy and will probably want to
eat more than you're used to
it's only natural for us to have
reserves of nutrients and our body will
do anything to make us want to gain more
of them without continued training all
this energy will be reserved for later
as fat hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life
you